README.md, before:

# Markweek3moringaproject

## Akan Name Generator
Akan names are derived from Ghanaian culture. Frequently in Ghana, children are given their first name as a 'day name' which corresponds to the day in the week they were born. This project aims to make it clear to interested browsers as to which day of the week they were born using a complex formula integrated into the web program and finally giving them the output of the Akan names that they would have been given.
***
## Information on the author
The generator of this program is Mark Kihara, an aspiring systems developer currently taking a course at Moringa School.
***
## Setup instructions
1. Please follow the link that I will paste to this ReadMe file to access my website containing the form which contains a space to enter your date of birth and other details
2. Fill in the form then submit after which you will receive a message containing the day of the week in which you were born and the corresponding Akan name.
***
## Technologies used
This website made use of html and css styling as well as Javascript to compile the eventual day of the week and the Akan Names.


###  @thuitastudioske Copyright 2025. All rights reserved

Commit message:

Added link to my live site

README.md, after:

# Markweek3moringaproject

## Akan Name Generator
Akan names are derived from Ghanaian culture. Frequently in Ghana, children are given their first name as a 'day name' which corresponds to the day in the week they were born. This project aims to make it clear to interested browsers as to which day of the week they were born using a complex formula integrated into the web program and finally giving them the output of the Akan names that they would have been given.
***
## Information on the author
The generator of this program is Mark Kihara, an aspiring systems developer currently taking a course at Moringa School.
***
## Setup instructions
1. Please follow the link that I will paste to this ReadMe file to access my website containing the form which contains a space to enter your date of birth and other details
2. Fill in the form then submit after which you will receive a message containing the day of the week in which you were born and the corresponding Akan name.
***
## Technologies used
This website made use of html and css styling as well as Javascript to compile the eventual day of the week and the Akan Names.
***
## Link to my live site
Click on the following link to access my website:
 https://thuitaa.github.io/Markweek3moringaproject/


###  @thuitastudioske Copyright 2025. All rights reserved
